Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBGridFSBucket-getFileDocumentForStream.txt

MongoDB\\GridFS\\Bucket::getFileDocumentForStream()
===================================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Retrieve the file document of a GridFS file associated with a stream using `getFileDocumentForStream()` in PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Retrieve the file document of a GridFS file associated with a stream with the MongoDB PHP Library.
```
